[View code on GitHub](zoo-labs/zoo/blob/master/core/src/state/multicall/utils.ts)

This file contains two functions and an interface related to encoding and decoding Ethereum contract calls. The `Call` interface defines the structure of a contract call, including the address of the contract and the data to be sent with the call. The `toCallKey` function takes a `Call` object and returns a string that can be used as a key for caching the result of the call. The key is constructed by concatenating the contract address and call data, separated by a hyphen. If the `gasRequired` property is present in the `Call` object, it is also included in the key. If `gasRequired` is not a safe integer, an error is thrown.

The `parseCallKey` function takes a string that was generated by `toCallKey` and returns a `Call` object. The string is split on hyphens, and the resulting array is used to populate the `address` and `callData` properties of the `Call` object. If the array has a length of 3, the third element is parsed as an integer and used to set the `gasRequired` property of the `Call` object. If the array has a length other than 2 or 3, an error is thrown.

These functions are likely used in the larger project to cache the results of contract calls in order to reduce the number of calls made to the Ethereum network. By using the `toCallKey` function to generate a key based on the contract address and call data, the project can check if the result of a call has already been cached before making a new call. The `parseCallKey` function is used to decode the cached key back into a `Call` object so that the cached result can be returned. 

Example usage:

```
const call: Call = {
  address: '0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890',
  callData: '0xabcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789',
  gasRequired: 1000000,
}

const key = toCallKey(call)
console.log(key) // '0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890-0xabcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789-1000000'

const parsedCall = parseCallKey(key)
console.log(parsedCall) // { address: '0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890', callData: '0xabcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789', gasRequired: 1000000 }
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `Call` interface?
   - The `Call` interface defines the structure of an object that contains an `address` and `callData` property, and optionally a `gasRequired` property.

2. What does the `toCallKey` function do?
   - The `toCallKey` function takes a `Call` object as input and returns a string that concatenates the `address` and `callData` properties. If the `gasRequired` property is present, it is also appended to the string.

3. What is the purpose of the `parseCallKey` function?
   - The `parseCallKey` function takes a string as input and returns a `Call` object that contains the `address` and `callData` properties parsed from the input string. If the input string contains a `gasRequired` value, it is also included in the returned object.