[View code on GitHub](zoo-labs/zoo/blob/master/contracts/types/Random.d.ts)

The `Random` contract is an Ethereum smart contract that provides functionality for generating random numbers in a decentralized and secure manner. The contract is imported from the `ethers` library and is defined by an interface called `RandomInterface`. The interface defines several functions and events that can be used to interact with the contract.

The `Random` contract has several functions that can be used to generate random numbers. The `commit` function is used to commit a hash of the random number to the blockchain. The `reveal` function is used to reveal the random number after it has been committed. The `getHash` function is used to compute the hash of a given input. The `getSaltedHash` function is used to compute the hash of a given input concatenated with a salt value. The `max` function returns the maximum value that can be generated by the contract.

The `Random` contract also has several events that can be emitted during the random number generation process. The `CommitHash` event is emitted when a hash of the random number is committed to the blockchain. The `RevealAnswer` event is emitted when the random number is revealed. The `RevealHash` event is emitted when the hash of the random number is revealed.

The `Random` contract can be used in a larger project to generate random numbers in a decentralized and secure manner. For example, it can be used in a gambling application to generate random numbers for games. Here is an example of how the `commit` function can be used to generate a random number:

```
const random = new ethers.Contract(randomAddress, Random.interface, signer);

const randomNumber = Math.floor(Math.random() * random.max());

const hash = ethers.utils.keccak256(ethers.utils.defaultAbiCoder.encode(["uint256"], [randomNumber]));

await random.commit(hash);
```

In this example, a random number is generated using the `Math.random()` function and is then hashed using the `keccak256` function from the `ethers` library. The hash is then committed to the blockchain using the `commit` function of the `Random` contract. Once the hash has been committed, the random number can be revealed using the `reveal` function.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this contract and what does it do?
- This contract is called `Random` and it provides functions for committing and revealing random numbers on the Ethereum blockchain.

2. What events does this contract emit and what information do they provide?
- This contract emits three events: `CommitHash`, `RevealAnswer`, and `RevealHash`. `CommitHash` provides the sender's address, the data hash, and the block number. `RevealAnswer` provides the sender's address, the answer, and the salt. `RevealHash` provides the sender's address, the reveal hash, and the random number.

3. What are the input parameters and return values of the `commit` function?
- The `commit` function takes in a `dataHash` parameter of type `BytesLike` and an optional `overrides` parameter. It returns a `Promise` of type `ContractTransaction`.