[View code on GitHub](zoo-labs/zoo/blob/master/ui/src/lib/swr.ts)

The code in this file is responsible for defining default headers and a default fetcher function for use in the larger project. It also defines default options for the SWRConfig component from the 'swr' library. 

The `defaultHeaders` function takes two optional parameters, `apiKey` and `clientVersion`, and returns an object containing default headers for use in HTTP requests. The function sets the `x-rkui-version` header to the version number from the project's package.json file. If an `apiKey` parameter is provided, the function sets the `x-api-key` header to the value of the parameter. If a `clientVersion` parameter is provided, the function sets the `x-rkc-version` header to the value of the parameter. 

The `defaultFetcher` function takes a single parameter, `params`, which can be either a string or an array of strings. If `params` is an array, the function extracts the first three elements and assigns them to `resource`, `apiKey`, and `clientVersion`, respectively. If `params` is a string, the function assigns it to `resource`. The function then calls `defaultHeaders` with `apiKey` and `clientVersion` as arguments to get the default headers for the request. The function then uses `fetch` to make the HTTP request with the specified `resource` and `headers`. If the response has a `deprecation` header set to `true`, the function logs a warning to the console. The function then returns the response body as a JSON object. If an error occurs during the request, the function throws the error. 

The `swrDefaultOptions` object defines default options for the `SWRConfig` component from the 'swr' library. The object sets the `fetcher` option to the `defaultFetcher` function defined in this file, and sets `revalidateOnFocus` to `false`. 

This code can be used in the larger project to provide default headers and a default fetcher function for HTTP requests. The `defaultHeaders` function can be used to set default headers for all requests, or modified to set headers for specific types of requests. The `defaultFetcher` function can be used to make HTTP requests with the default headers, or modified to handle specific types of requests. The `swrDefaultOptions` object can be passed as a prop to the `SWRConfig` component to set default options for data fetching with the 'swr' library. 

Example usage:

```
import { defaultHeaders, defaultFetcher, swrDefaultOptions } from 'path/to/zoo'

// Set default headers for all requests
const headers = defaultHeaders('my-api-key', '1.0.0')

// Make a GET request with default headers
const response = await defaultFetcher('https://example.com/api/data', headers)

// Pass default options to SWRConfig component
<SWRConfig value={swrDefaultOptions}>
  <App />
</SWRConfig>
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `defaultHeaders` function?
- The `defaultHeaders` function generates a set of default headers for HTTP requests, including an `x-rkui-version` header with the version number from the `package.json` file, and optional `x-api-key` and `x-rkc-version` headers.

2. What is the `defaultFetcher` function doing?
- The `defaultFetcher` function is a wrapper around the `fetch` API that adds the default headers generated by the `defaultHeaders` function to the request, and returns the response as JSON. It also logs a warning message if the response headers contain a `deprecation` header set to `'true'`.

3. What are the default options for `SWRConfig`?
- The default options for `SWRConfig` are defined in the `swrDefaultOptions` object, which includes a `fetcher` property set to the `defaultFetcher` function, and a `revalidateOnFocus` property set to `false`. These options are passed to the `value` prop of the `SWRConfig` component.